improve README.md (#311)
OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology: README.md

Developing a common ontology for energy system analysis and scenarios.

## Introduction

> The Open Energy Ontology (OEO) is a domain ontology of the energy-system modelling context. It is developed as part of the [Open Energy Family](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform). The OEO is published on github as open source software. The language used is the Manchester OWL Syntax. It was chosen because of it's user-friendly approach to the OWL 2 language. The OEO is still under development and not released yet. A Steering Committee was created to accompany the development, increase awareness of the ontology and include it in current projects.

Reviewer: *steering committee* without capital letters

## Scope of this ontology

This **domain** ontology is a joint effort to represent the energy-system modelling context based on standard terminologies used by human experts in this field of research. It is designed to improve transparency and facilitate comparability & transferability within the energy system modelling context. This ontology makes use of the Basic Formal Ontology ( [BFO](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology/wiki) )and its principles.

## License / Copyright

This repository is licensed under CC0 1.0 Universell (CC0 1.0) Public Domain Dedication
[![License: CC0-1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC0%201.0-lightgrey.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

## Installation

The ontology can be downloaded from github: https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology

To open the ontology the program [protégé](https://protege.stanford.edu/) is recommended.

The complete ontology is found under src/ontology/oeo.omn. Own modules can be seen in the src/ontology/edits folder and imported modules under src/ontology/imports.

## Contributing and developing
This is an interdisciplinary, open source project, help is always appreciated! 

> The development of the ontology happens mainly on [github](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology) and is supplemented by telcos to review the progress and discuss more complicated topics. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The development of the ontology happens mainly on [github](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology) and is supplemented by (online) developer meetings to review the progress and discuss more complicated topics. 
```
